why you need feedback loops in B2B
marketing welcome back to a fresh
episode of Breaking B2B Doom I'm your
host Sam Dunning and if you want to join
thousands of Legends enjoying past
podcast episodes daily B2B marketing
ideas tips case studies and stories then
head over to breaking bb.com and hit
that newsletter tab
[Music]
so joining me today is Tara poac Tara is
the senior vice president of marketing
over at Revenue grid we're going to be
diving into why you should be using
feedback loops at your B2B Tech or
Service Company what it actually means
from a tactical perspective how you can
gain that feedback and put it into play
to grow your business grow your pipeline
grow Revenue so with that welcome to the
show Tara how you doing hey Sam thank
you so much for having me no worries
looking forward to diving into the topic
today so we never mess around here Tara
we always get tactical as quickly as we
can so with that when it when you say
feedback loops in B2B what does that
actually mean for our audience tuning in
yeah so that means being as close to the
customer as possible and continuously so
most marketers get involved with
understanding the customer doing
research all that and it's also like
after the fact right I'm not suggesting
that you go into the buying process um
with sales I mean sometimes you have the
privilege of doing that which is amazing
if you can you should do it but I think
from a B2B feedback standpoint you know
last year looks very different than this
year things are constantly constantly
changing so you need continuous feedback
loops and have marketers really be in
constant contact with the customer and
there's just different ways you can do
that got it got it so when when we say
feedback lukees I mean for anyone tuning
in what what's the reason for doing it
what's the advantage what's the main
kind of benefits that we can gain by
doing this process yeah I would say one
of the main benefits is trust you know
we all read that you know people buy
from peoples and humans like naturally
want to buy from someone who they trust
and I think that really starts with a
brand and you know even doing a lot of
the research today right like you know I
think it's like 70% of B2B buyers have
done all their research before they even
talk to sales so what that means is
they're out there on the sites and you
know communities and in groups and just
doing all this research on their brand
and imagine them reading your content
and not really resonating or sticking
with them because maybe they use
different terms or they have different
pains or challenges so you're already
kind of putting that impression in their
brain that's why it's like super
important to really have them in their
nodding their head with every
interaction anything anyone would ever
say about your brand when they start to
research got it so when we say talk to
your
customers a lot a lot of folks in
marketing like to say that but what what
does it actually mean like are we
talking to customers we've just won are
we talking to customers that love us and
been with us for years and years and
years are we talking to Target prospects
I'd love to know granular what that
actually looks like yeah I would divide
them into like pre-sale and then like
current customers right because those
experiences are very different and I
think the level of Education that you
need is from your standpoint as a brand
and as a team to tell them certain
things and help them and understand them
are vastly different right so from a
pre- customer standpoint being able to
interview customers at different parts
of like the buying process so if it's
like an Engaged you know prospect that
has been to a lot of events or
interacted with a lot of your content or
something like that you'd be surprised
once you just ask them if you could have
a couple minutes of their time and
really interviewing them so a lot of
marketers like I mentioned will launch a
project or a survey which is still great
and it's still part of this feedback
loop but I think actually speaking to
somebody and asking them those big
questions and understanding really how
their thinking in their head is so
valuable and then also once they become
a customer um is you know crucial
because retention rates that's obviously
important and that's kind of like a
selfish thing right as a brand and a
revenue and you know the turn rate and
all of that but customers change their
challenges change businesses change and
so you never want to say okay great now
they're customers we'll just kind of
give them you know this content that we
think that they would like right you
know you just don't know and I think
really depending on your product or
service it actually helps really the
internal teams as well is like what
you're building is this going to
resonate should we change something they
might have the best feedback in the
world but if you're not talking them
directly will you'll never hear it got
it got it and when it comes to kind of
getting that feedback pre-sale what does
that look like is that the sales reps
kind of gaining Intel as well as doing
the usual sales process be it Discovery
presentations demos and more is it
marketing getting involved in kind of
asking them some of the questions or is
there a certain way that we should go
about that
tactically yeah I think it's a bit of
both I think as marketers we have so
many resources now that you know we
don't need to just like barge into the
buying process so you know looking in
your CRM and explaining to your sales
team ways that you can get notified and
you can do something as simple as having
you know AES tag you in an opportunity
and of course you can't do this when
you're in like you know the thousands
and stuff like that you can learn a lot
of understanding what they're looking
for what their challenges are are the
feedback you can listen to you know
recorded calls and Gathering all of that
Intel first and then understanding okay
this isn't one of our big like whales
like if we you know win this customer we
can you know repeat it and maybe even
scale it in this industry or something
like that and really figuring out which
ones that the marketers do want to talk
to go it got it okay so it's more in in
the pre-selling side of things from a
marketing perspective it's more about
leveraging Tech to to be able to weave
yourself into into that and picking and
choosing with your sales team when you
have those allies within sales and they
build that relationship and they have
that trust level a little bit further
down if they don't mind having a
marketer listen in on the call or be
part of the call I've been able to do
that in my career and it's so valuable
like live versus like a recording that
you're just listening to vers being able
to pick up you know their body language
and their use and then a lot of the
times you're even like can be part of
the conversation as well and ask them
questions nice and is this useful only
for helping to get deals over the line
or is it also useful from other aspects
like there other bit bits and pieces of
Intel that we can pick up as marketers
from this I mean I think it should be
really useful for everything you're
doing as far as like messaging and even
sometimes positioning obviously
understanding how you can weave um the
value back to the prospect because if
you're able to get into that part of the
buying process that everything that they
say is like gold because like that's
your goal right as a marketer is like
you know top level like funnel and all
that and really getting them into where
they're GNA is hopefully if you're sales
Le or you know product Le however you
want to call it to get them to that
point where they're almost over the line
so I think that's actually the most
crucial part to understand like where we
could weave this into our other programs
and campaigns when it makes sense
I completely agree I completely agree I
think a lot of what I hear from
marketers on LinkedIn and similar
platforms is a lot of folks say talk to
your customers but a lot of the advice
is geared towards perhaps customers that
have been with you for a long long time
and I'm sure you've seen the same as
they'll they'll be biased like they'll
probably know love and just respect your
company so much because maybe someone
someone partnered with them years ago
and then you've overtaken as as
marketing works with them whatever
so you're almost like so far biased
within the within rooted in that deep
rooted in their organization that
everything every answer you give be it a
survey be it a zoom session whatever is
just going to be leaning towards that
company whereas like you say if you can
get on the cold hard front of it where
sales reps are even early in that
process maybe doing cold Outreach or
they've got their initial disc Discovery
call Initial demo calls or presentation
calls then you really start to
understand what those kind of juice see
expensive problems are that your target
Market's facing the impact of them maybe
the common questions that they're
raising and that Intel is like you say
super useful for all kinds of messaging
be ads on the website and M channel
right yeah and the idea is just to like
focus on the right customers too like
obviously you need to understand like
why you win and you know how you're
actually helping customers at the end of
the day but I mean that's kind of like
the golden ticket to figure out like
what actually makes them move the needle
and move forward with your company and
it changes over time to your point
sometimes there's customers that are so
sticky and it's just because they love a
customer service manager which is
amazing right at the same time but like
their experience is vastly different
than a net New Prospect so it's really
important to understand both and I think
you know with people changing jobs too
with customers it's also super
interesting that you think your
customers know you so well and your
product and all that and then when you
do the customer research side and
interviews they might say like oh we're
staying with you for X Y and Z and
you're like oh you know that's so
different than like what anyone else
would say of like the value prop you
just kind of like assume like the
greatest and best things that your
company's offering is why all customers
are staying with you or they're happy
right it might be something actually
really small so it's just like
interesting as you talk to customers um
and he just open blanket statements to
understand um their experience and why
they love your
company have you do you ever face any
roadblocks or do you hear of marketers
facing roadblocks when it comes to
listening into to those initial
pre-sales calls or getting involved in
those conversations early stage yeah I
mean absolutely there's no sales up I
think on the planet that's like wo let
me add someone else to my call
marketer so I think in any um team and
environment you really have to work very
intentionally as a marketer to know that
um the Sal team understands like why you
want to be involved that you're really
trying to just like um understand and
then the ones they get to know you and I
guess if it's something that you've
never really done before as a leader and
somebody on the team is you know kind of
go over the expectations and like your
role in the call like if you're just
like listening or if you're able to ask
them questions after and I think really
just focusing on the human and really
being on the side of the buyer goes like
such a long way that you're not there to
sell them anything at all you know
you're there actually just like super
interested in them um in their role in
their company and people really can
understand
that nice so we talked about
pre-sale but kind of moving on through
the deal cycle what are the other stages
that we should in look to get feedback
loops yeah I think one of the most
important ones is you know right after
signature um because there's so many
conversations and there's so many deals
that actually get stopped at that like
you know final yard line right and
there's just so many interesting things
that can happen behind the scene at a
deal and um you know there might be
hidden stakeholders or a lot of internal
discussions that um might be shared
directly with of course your sales team
on like why you won the deal like any
insights what pushed it over like was it
the price you know like all those little
things that you're not really privileged
to as a marketer you know you're just
like super excited that the sales team
closed a new customer and all that but
getting kind of to the nitty-gritty and
again you kind of have to pick you know
which AES trust you to have even just a
10-minute conversation with a net new
customer can go you know a really long
way and you'd be surprised how many of
them say yes because at that point they
should be the most excited they are
right of like pushing that through and
becoming a customer that asking them for
10 15 minutes and it could be not a
separate call it could be part of
implementation right or you know like
you can weave it in so it's really not a
lot of time um and just really focus on
you know three or four or five valuable
questions you want to ask that's a great
idea that's literally just give me an
idea for our onboarding questionnaire to
ask that question like what was the main
reason for you choosing us over our
competitors or something like that
that's that's a great point I think I
think that's a good idea kind of keep it
as fluid as you as possible I'd imagine
so I like you said while some prospects
or some newly onboarded customers might
be open to these calls I suppose if
you're saying like you've just signed
and then trying to get them on call with
a sales repare then another marketer and
then something else I suppose trying to
keep it as straightforward for the newly
W customer as possible is also something
to consider but at the same time trying
to gain those useful insights that you
can leverage for business yeah and I
will say you do have to work really hand
inand with your sales team on this right
you got to like pick and choose this is
not something to implement across like
every customer you know they're they if
they're good at sales they can
understand which ones would probably be
open to this and which ones they can
kind of push for the information or and
an additional question and then other
ones that maybe not you know maybe this
is like a 10-month deal that has been
really hard on both sides and maybe just
leave it alone you know and then then
they go on a list for you know six nine
months in after becoming a customer or
something like that got it anything else
that you'd like to ask newly on board
clients when they've just
signed yeah I think
um understanding what they think the
biggest challenges internally could be
um those can be some interesting you
know questions because usually you're
working like maybe with a buying
committee and then there's like a
champion but it's like understanding who
actually uses your product or service
because sometimes they're just like hand
it off right to like a different team
who hasn't been part of the buying
committee right um and so I think
knowing that upfront because you know as
marketers our jobs are also to help the
company you know educate Inspire and
have the um customers adopt whatever
you're kind of selling into them or you
know offering them so maybe there is
like content or programs or classes or
however you got you know manage kind of
customer success yeah and I think
customers themselves can give you some
really good Clues to that got it so is
that is that coming from a mindset of
thinking about expanding the account
early or is that more just thinking like
we want to make sure you get best bang
for your buck out of our product out of
our solution like are there any
roadblocks that you can see in the
foreseeable future when it comes to
weaving in the rest of the team on this
product and then getting the customer to
just open up so you can see like what
that might be and how you can kind of
better involve everyone else on the
offer yeah I think for me I let a
customer marketing team so it comes from
the heart of just helping customers and
showing them value and having them be
happy at the end of the day um you know
the the business leader in me wants to
say expansion and
upsell but you have to start with them
having a good experience for on boarding
and implementation and then a little
while after that right because then
after you have no shot on expansion
upsell if they don't have a good
experience you know for the first 90 you
know days 120 six months 9 months so um
that's kind of where that comes from of
really understanding them at that exact
stage and what you can do to help them
and sometimes when they give you answers
you might not actually be able to but
then you at least still know they they
answer right because you're supposed to
be like a partner to them at the end of
the day yeah that's a great question I
like that anything else we should look
to gain Insight wise at that early
stage um I mean you can ask some kind of
a million things but I actually advise
you not to do that I would take it with
like you know like three or four things
that you feel like as a marketer you can
gain a lot of insight and information
and then build something out of it like
if it's like a program or content or
direction or you know something like
that so I would actually advise just to
like really be focused on you know kind
of like three or four things that you
want to learn and that you can actually
action on your side got it and the first
question what made you choose us opposed
to one of our competitors well several
options on the table how would you
leverage that
feedback yeah I mean that's like amazing
competitive Intel right um I'm not a fan
of being um kind of aggressive towards
competitors um in messaging and stuff
but there is a beauty in being creative
about it and understanding really where
you play because you need to especially
in today's world it's 2024 there's so
much competition in so many different
you know markets and things like that so
also it's really great Intel for every
single person that works at your company
right because you know competitive Intel
and insights it's like sometimes sits
within like the go to market function so
like markers and sales and Cs and kind
of everyone under that umbrella is like
dying for that information but like
everyone else outside of that still
needs that same information as well so I
think it's a really good way to inform
the whole company of like where you know
where we stand and where we stack up
from direct feedback because there's a
lot of people internally that will have
their own opinions their own got
feelings right but I always constantly
say like we're not the customer we're
not the prospect so I can think that
we're way better than our three
competitors but that's just my opinion
and I'm biased right so yeah it's like
the level setting internally I think is
really
interesting taking a step back pre-sale
something I should have asked I imagine
there's quite a lot you could gain from
understanding why folks don't go with
you as well if that's possible to kind
of collect from those prospects yeah I
would say in my experience so that's
definitely harder to
obtain uh because usually they're like
narrowing down a couple you know um
Solutions at that point um and yeah I
think that can be even more valuable
than knowing why they go with you is why
they don't it is it is hard to obtain
like running breaking B2B every time a
prospect wouldn't go with us i' I Pro I
ask what I consider a low lift but
thinking about it maybe it's not just
something simple like could you share
why you chose to go to another company
on this occasion that helps us learn and
improve our offer just some usually just
send a s simple one line like that I'd
say maybe one in five folks reply so
maybe a 20% response rate yeah like you
say it's not it is it is quite difficult
and and some people will be like yeah
I'm happy to jump on a call and explain
whereas other times you just won't get
that won't get that feedback so like say
it can be quite a difficult one to gain
well I think because they already like
written it off and I think I like to
think people are inherently good so
they're a little afraid to be like super
direct or
transparent um but you know there's
different ways and all you also don't
want to like continuously ask them you
want to leave on like a good notes so
you don't want to like ask someone who
hasn't been responding like multiple
times right you kind of have to let it
go so yeah yeah yeah Okay cool so we
talked about pre- pre-sale talked about
right after signature is there another
case where we should to do this or
several other
cases yeah so I love to go to the
customers who have been um customers for
a long
time um because I think those are very
strong whether they're like strong you
know public Advocates they're still
Advocates whether they know it or not
right um and they'll be very honest I
think at that point right if they've
been customers for years um you know
interacting with your company and they
have that super high level of trust
right they've like signed multiple
renewals and things like that so I think
they're amazing to kind of pick their
brain on any new initiatives like before
something rolls out you know maybe it's
messing or positioning or the product
road map and it's also like a lot of
customers I found they're you know kind
of honored by it that you're like
letting them in the behind the scenes if
you will of like hey we really you know
want to run this by you I'd love your
thoughts on it you know we're so happy
you've been a customer um and happy and
if there's anything else we can do for
you you know it's a relationship play
right and I found that they're actually
the most open and we'll say like oh no
you know we don't use you guys for that
you we use you for that or it' be really
great if you had that because they're so
like deeply ingrained and I think one of
the most uh interesting things as a
marketer is youve like new you know
product launchers or new information all
marketers think like oh we already told
them that it's in our newsletter or we
did all this and it's like people are
like heads down doing their work so if
you start to ask them oh you know have
you seen you know the 2.0 version or
whatever you're going to ask them or
this new service or new offering and a
lot of them are like I don't know what
you're talking about and then you're
like oh wow you know like we got to take
a step back because we're just like in
our own our yeah brain and we're just
biased so yeah big time very very good
example um yeah I like that ideas on new
new initiative
new Solutions get their feedback get
their take get their two cents whether
it be useful or not um anything else we
should we should look to ask them
perhaps from a different
angle yeah I think
um understanding more of their role so
you know we're all going to be biased
and want to know everything about um how
to help us right in the company and grow
and messaging positioning you know
adoption all of that but understanding
their role and their challenges because
they evolve like especially if you're
like in the SAS Tech world right like
everybody's constantly evolving doing
different things um have different
interests or maybe getting told this is
now your responsibility or things like
that and people inherently want growth
and development so I also think it's a
really great time to understand you know
what could make their job easier which
we all do in the beginning right like
when we're trying to like who do we
focus on who's our IDE ideal customer
profile but like what about the customer
that's been with you you know for five
years and now has a bigger team like
what are all those roles how are they
you know involved what's their everyday
responsibilities because at the end of
the day you should be helping people
achieve what they need for their
company yeah yeah it's a fair point and
I imagine if you're carrying out these
on like how how often do you recommend
doing these these conversations be it
with kind our long-term clients um I
guess right after signature is is what
it is but with long-term clients is it
something you recommend like once a
quarter or every half year or is there
like a Cadence you you
recommend yeah I would say try a at
least a couple times a year if you can
right um not everyone's going to be
receptive to that but again you can
couple it on like maybe a qbr where your
CS team's like already talking to them I
think when you're trying to ask for an
additional meeting that can be really
hard especially it's like they don't
know me you know like that like it's
easy for them to just say know and you
don't want to push them um so I would
say you know get your list and try to
really just focus and have definitely
have those conversations every quarter
but with each individual you know
customer if you have say like top 20
that you want to make sure that you're
getting feedback and talking to um just
make sure it's at least twice a year I
would say nice got it and I imagine if
you you've got your CS team asking these
kind of questions like it strengthens
relationships with existing clients
because they're thinking like oh this
the these guys trust me enough to ask me
like what I actually think of this new
offer or this new feature or this new
roll out and then they might dive into a
bit deeper about how they use an
existing feature and then being CS like
myself coming from a sales background
I'd probably think well if you're not
actually getting that much usage out of
this but we can see you're getting out
of usage or using this a lot have you
considered this so I imagine it's a
win-win from every angle like you get
active feedback but at the same time you
strengthen relationship with existing
customers and therefore they trust you
more and are more likely in time time to
invest more with you or expand their
account or all that kind of good stuff
yeah I mean very rarely have I had like
a negative experience with it usually
the customers you know which ones to ask
and they're very receptive because at
the end of the day they're they're happy
right that's who um CS will talk to um
to bring in like external you know like
somebody from the marketing team on the
call um to be involved and so they
usually are like more than happy and
honestly like excited to have somebody
else on the call to talk to and give
their their feedback it's so valuable
it's almost like oh they're like
impressed that like oh your your
marketing leader wants to talk to me
like absolutely you know there's like
that they also want to offer what they
can back when they're a super happy
customer yeah yeah yeah and that second
Point talking about customers roles and
challenges and that as marketers we kind
of think everyone knows what we do and
the problems we fix in all our offers
just because we pinged it on in LinkedIn
or we put it in a newsletter or we
talked about on a podcast once it's like
we're all guilty of that getting our own
heads like the proof of that is I
probably do one to two posts about the
value or how to use SEO or how to make
it a revenue channel in your in your B2B
Tech or service work every day and I
still get folks message me saying Sam do
you do SEO and I start FaceTiming but
it's so true like we're lost in our own
world because we talk about it we know
it we live and Bre it every day but
we've got to realize our prospects or
our customers have got a thousand one
things to do on the list every every day
so yes you've got to you got to keep
banging the drum really yeah yeah and I
think the more you can be like creative
about that I think that's like
inherently the marketer is like what do
you mean you know like we already did
this like three or four times but it's
like okay we're not suggesting do it in
the exact same fashion out the door or
whatever but you know figuring out a a
creative unique way that you can like
gather their attention and just like
their Intrigue
honestly cool so pre-sale right after
signature long-term clients any other
opportunities that we've
missed um I mean I think a lot of this
is super important when you it probably
goes without saying but go into like a
new market or develop something new as
well um you know it's all I think it's
amazing that there's so many um
companies now that have advisory
boards like chock full of like you know
information and insights and those are
usually people that are very like
passionate about what you do so I think
you know besides like the prospects and
the customers it's also like the
industry experts as well because a lot
of those types of people are also
keeping up with Trends seeing how the
market is doing you know a lot of times
customers or prospects only do that when
they have like a need right when they're
in that exact moment that they're
looking for someone who offers SEO
they're not like they're not going to be
the SEO you know like 20-year veteran or
you know something like that that they
sure up with with that so I think that's
also super interesting to almost treat
the industry experts or advisers however
you want to categorize them as like
another whole segment um because they
can give you so much valuable
information and they come they usually
come to the table with more insights and
knowledge um just to give you different
ideas and a different perspective have
you ever used a customer Advisory Board
I've seen SAS Brands like chili Piper
and I think Apollo and a few others are
utilizing them but I don't actually know
that much about what they are or how
they work or the benefits yeah yeah so
um I'm actually like a newly adviser um
for a company called rev Shure Ai and
it's marketing attribution so like I was
just explaining it kind of the way I
look at it where I'm just like a geek
and like nerd out on marketing
technology so I'm like excited to go and
like see different Tech and I I just
like want to know that in general as a
marketing leader um so I'm always happy
to like brainstorm and iterate you know
like even though it has nothing to do
with um you know Revenue Grid it's just
me as a marketing leader um and it's a
way to kind of have it go both ways
where that's like exciting to me to
understand what a you know new
technology um company might be doing or
releasing um that I think could help
marketers at the end of the day um so
it's also kind of just like a fun like I
kind of look at it as almost like a
community type of thing where you get to
be with your your years but it also give
direct like concrete you know feedback
or get involved in different things got
it okay so they they kind of bring in a
set number of folks that hit their ICP
and then you play around with the
product and give feedback is that how it
works um I mean advisory um boards are
set up like all all different but that's
just like one example of it um as well
but you can also you know be part of
like some of their events and if you
become a customer obviously you could be
like a referral and there's different
ways in which company like tech
companies kind of um set it up um how
they work but it's really fun I think
for advisers because there's many
different ways that you can get involved
and like what you're interested
in go Okay so we've covered a few ways
to get feedback and drive feedback
loops few few points just to dive a
little bit deeper who should we of these
of these four ones we've talked about
pre-sale right after signing long-term
clients and possibly customer advisory
boards who should be taking the feedback
should it is it purely kind of coming
from sales and marketing then weaving
into the different channels that we
talked about or should it be going
sometimes up to even CEO or founder
level or does it depend or there are a
few thing considerations we should
consider there yeah I mean I'll I'll be
biased here but um I think everybody in
Market marting on your marketing team
should be involved and when I say that I
mean like every role like even like
designers or you know people that you
wouldn't typically think would be like
front-facing customers because I just
think it's such valuable Insight that
you can gain um by being exposed
directly to customers whether that's
like in interviews or understanding like
the survey research or listening to
calls and um you know interacting with
customers too like at events and things
like that are so valuable so bias I
think the whole marketing team needs to
be involved in some level um but then as
far as like the insights and what you're
actually gathering for sure the go to
market team needs to have all that
information but I also said like earlier
I think every single person that works
at the company should at least um be
communicated to and have access to the
customer and you know prospects and all
the insights that you're Gathering
directly because it matters at the end
of the day it's like that's what
everyone's like reaching for right is
customer experience and building
Pipeline and you know generating revenue
and in retention I I would argue that
almost every single role at your company
should know all that
information if you had to boil
everything we've discussed into two main
into utilizing it for two main use cases
or channels or parts of the marketing
mix what would be those two two options
that you could use all this Intel we've
gained to then enfor
good
question I would say messaging and
positioning hands down that's like a a
big umbrella term I guess because then
you can kind of break it down in the way
in which that you use it right but
there's so many use cases under there at
least for marketers right that can
campaigns or you know content uh
internal enablement and like training
like sales and name that's a huge one
right so that could all stem with like
the messaging in position
and I'm not saying you would like
drastically change like your brand High
Lev positioning right um but it can help
you understand like insights and Trends
and really the customers at the end of
the day um so that would be uh one
bucket messaging positioning and then I
think the other one that I kind of
alluded to earlier too is customer
marketing and so my definition of
customer marketing is offering value to
the customers with no expectation in
anything in return for us which is not
exactly what CFOs and you know we agree
with me on that but I think once you're
in a customer's corner from a human to
human standpoint they get very very
sticky because they know okay this
company knows me they know what I need
in my role they know how to help me be
successful and people don't realize that
how many purchases and retention are
based upon just like one person's
opinion we hear it all the time right
like oh we lost that Customer because
they you know had a new you know leader
come in and boom contract's gone we're
moving and so like that's just like one
person like holding all all the keys
right um and so making those customers
like the hero and helping them at the
end of the day I think is like the
customer marketing element of
it I like it I think that's yeah two
good ones I mean messaging positioning
is huge and like you say that just
covers so much of the market mix from
from your website to your ads for your
internal marketing external marketing
there's so much that that is within that
but if you like if like you say if you
can constantly gather that Intel from
prospects and be top of be fully aware
really what are those expensive problems
they're facing what are those roadblocks
that might be in their way from getting
the jobs they're trying to get
done what do they care about learning
seeing understanding when it comes to
when it comes to your Niche when it
comes to your offer and you can if you
can be kind of hot on the on the ticket
when it comes to that you can be quite
far ahead of most B2B companies that
just neglect a lot of this stuff we talk
we talk about it like it's it's common
practice but not that many companies are
really doing this properly yeah yeah and
not I would say on a consistent basis
it's all like Project based like oh you
know like two and a half years ago we
did this XY you know project and then
you're like but if you take a step back
we're all like Everything's changed so
much and it's like but you're still
relying on that right yeah yeah so
that's why everybody nods their head and
goes oh yeah we should probably do that
more but figuring out what that process
looks like and who owns it and how to
kind of keep that going and to your
point like the enablement and all that
Insight is so important but some of it
is just more like heads up so you're in
the know like I'm not going to be like
okay we're now launching this huge
campaign you know like one customer call
like that's not like the point of it
right it's really to like really
understand the customer um and the
customer needs and their own you know
expectations and where they're U like
where they are today it's not
necessarily like everything has to be
like you know weaved around and done a
180 and we're changing everything that's
not the point it's like a listening type
of tour to see what makes sense and from
what you've said a lot of this can be
done just by making tweaks or additions
to an existing processes so like you say
pre-sale we've got so much Tech with AI
recording software
transcripting CRM data note taking like
a lot of that you can plug into anyway
right after signature like you said
there's different ways you can involve
that in the onboarding process and flow
with your sales your Cs and kind of
marketing team and then long-term
clients well that's pretty low lift
because they know like can trust you and
they they believe in you already um so a
lot of this I'm guessing it's just a
case of making those tweaks and seeing
where you can fit that into the process
to leverage it on a more consistent
basis than like you say once every two
years yeah I think that would be the
goal right is to make it as a easy and
seamless and just kind of like
connecting all the pieces together to
make it more of like a a program you
know to continue and sustain I think
when you get too um you know too
ambitious with it it becomes like people
are busy customers are busy prospects
are busy so you don't want to be adding
multiple steps onto like any of this
stuff the only steps taking is like for
your own
team so I've got two more and then we'll
wrap things up if if I'm a marketer
tuning in and I'm thinking this all
sounds fantastic yeah but I'm really
apprehensive that leadership are going
to push back on me like a ton of bricks
how would you advise they bring kind of
these suggestions and these ideas to the
leadership team to try and get this this
process approved yeah I would say start
small uh like we just talked about that
you have a lot of information at your
fingertips and so do a lot of the work
without um launching this like big
program right so bring some insight that
you can find already with like Tech
tools CRM even talking to sales um you
know understanding the pre- and post
sale like what you have within your
systems and then trying to outline what
you're going to get out of by actually
interacting with the customer um
yourself and start small say like I want
to you know talk to five 10 customers or
whatever the volume that makes sense for
your organization um and be very very
clear about the goals and the way in
which you'll use that feedback um and I
think that's like a really good way for
people to say like oh wow that's like
really valuable um at the end of the day
um because it's data we're sitting on
and then there's also like the thoughts
and failings of the customer and the
experience that they tend to give when
you're actually speaking to them
yeah yeah I think that's probably a saf
SP isn't it start start small prove that
it's actually having some kind of
impact um yeah and go from there and the
last thing that was on my mind is if
we're getting all these
insights is there a way that we should
filter them which probably not so
applicable to smaller companies or
startups but larger mid-market
Enterprise I can imagine a lot of
feedback could stack up once you start
leveraging all these insights is there
any ways that you recommend to filter
kind of all the feedback you're getting
so you're actually getting something
that's I guess a
reliable point to look for for example
pre-sale like if you were filtering like
the main
reason that folks I don't know agree to
go on a discovery call then agree to go
onto a second presentation call then
then look to sign and then likewise
right have to Signature what was the
main reasons for for going ahead with us
Etc all these questions that we touched
on imagine you could soon start getting
all this information is there any way
you look to glean all that data and get
I guess the source of truth of what we
should actually be taking the golden
nuggets yeah that's a great question I
would say I would follow how you've
built your teams internally because at
the end of the day you want this to be
useful information that you're you know
Gathering and and insights and all that
and so an example of that is like say
your sales team is you know maybe made
up of like SM SMB mid Enterprise you
know if they're like divided out like
that or there's vertical or territories
or you know however that's kind of
structured I would really divide the
data by that because in theory like what
I'm saying is like oh everyone should
care right but like when you're at a
very large
organization um you know hopefully like
the leaders and you know the the team um
like bigger level departments and seite
they're they'll probably care about
every single segment and all that but at
the end of the day you want to make sure
internal employees really leverage and
understand the data so breaking it down
into their specific roles and how it
could help them um is amazing at the end
of the day and so it would make a lot of
sense if you did this big presentation
of it here's our findings you know from
you know the last quarter we did X Y and
Z explain how it all works here's our
goals and break it down because then you
could say to like you know a sales
manager that oversees you know um you
know say the East Coast you know
whatever it's like that it's like actual
information that their team could like
tactically take and you know ideate ways
to like weave it into their
process I like it I like it cool Tara
very much appreciate you coming on the
show sharing your wisdom and insights
all things customer feedback loops in
B2B so we shall link to revenue grid we
shall link out to your LinkedIn profile
is there anywhere else that we should be
sending the audience or anything else
you'd like to send our folks to no those
two are perfect I did launch a
newsletter this year um so you can go um
subscribe just on my LinkedIn profile so
yeah thank you so much for having me on
it was a blast yeah no worries we'll
link out to that for sure so with that
thanks very much for coming on the show
thanks to the audience for tuning in and
like I said if you want to catch our
weekday newsletter to check out past
episodes daily B2B insights head over to
breaking bb.com and with that we'll
catch you on the next one for more nobs
B2B marketing tips and insights to grow
your revenue and pipeline catch you on
the next one
[Music]